docs: update to square size 128 (#1880)
celestiaorg/docs: how-to-guides/mainnet.md

There is a hard limit on the total blob size in a transaction, which is
determined by the effective maximum square size. Given that the current
governance maximum square size is 128, the total blob size in a transaction

> must be slightly less than ~8 MiB, or 7,895,546 bytes to be exact.

Author: ```suggestion
must be slightly less than ~8 MiB, or 7,896,602 bytes to be exact.
```

The following provides an approximation of the maximum block size:

- The maximum square size is 128x128, which gives us 16384 shares.
- One share is reserved for the PFB transaction, leaving us with 16383 shares.
- The first sparse share has 478 bytes available, and the remaining sparse
  shares have 482 bytes each.

This can be calculated as follows:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->

> $\text{Total Bytes} = (1 \times 478 \, \text{bytes}) + (16382 \times 482 \, \text{bytes}) = 7,895,546 \, \text{bytes}$

Reviewer: I'm getting a slightly different result when I calculate this:

```suggestion
$\text{Total Bytes} = (1 \times 478 \, \text{bytes}) + (16382 \times 482 \, \text{bytes}) = 7,896,602 \, \text{bytes}$
```
